I'm now two-sample Ducatis middleweight
Ripper 7:49 dark based on its World
Superbike ready Big Brother the 999 the
sleek 749 is basically a scaled-down
version of the full monty Superbike
main difference being obviously smaller
slugs internally and a slightly smaller
four-wheel what you see here is a
liquid-cooled
four valve per cylinder twin
fuel-injected throttle bodies and the
catalytic equipped single pipe exhaust a
six-speed gearbox and dry clutch deliver
the ponies while a 43 millimeter
inverted Showa fork mounted with 320
millimeter semi floating discs handle
the stocks so how does it all work well
that's kind of tough to say because our
guest road tester this week mark Russell
and myself just couldn't stop ourselves
from constantly standing back and
staring at this machines beautiful
detail well mark when I talk about my
first impression of a motorcycle like
this
I hate bikes like this because you can't
walk away from them you there's just so
much to look at it's pretty cool for
sure and it's it's everywhere it's a
work of art everywhere you look and it
looks mean in this color yep which is it
comes in three colors red yellow and
dark mm-hmm which is a cool name did you
ever think you'd find yourself approving
of a dark motorcycle no actually I would
find it hard to choose between red and
yellow because they're both so cool but
when I saw this it looks sinister it's
got a cool name and it looks great in
dark yeah well it sort of brings
everything else out as far as the frame
and the triple clamps and everything
about this bike though I just can't stop
looking at it
yeah there's lots of fancy aluminium
bits on it yeah like the triple clamps
and the the holders for the foot pegs
all that stuff's as fancy as it gets
even the swingarm so did you find time
to ride it a little bit so far yeah I
liked it a lot actually have ridden
sport bikes before that I find to be too
powerful for riding a
on the street and they're just there
they're frightening they're so powerful
and this one is is a strong fast bike
yep but because it's a v-twin it seems a
little more friendly yep still fast
enough to do crazy things with but easy
to use and you don't have to be revving
the snot out of it to have fun right
because you've got that Torquay v-twin
engine yeah you can just a lot of
musical mouths yeah yeah there's a long
highway ride to get here and I thought
that my hands and feet would be numb by
the time I got here there is a little
bit of a vibration but because it's a
v-twin the vibrations a slower frequency
mm-hmm and it's actually fine so the
motor although it's a twin and not
seemingly as smooth as a fourth dollar
it's actually as smooth as it needs to
be and I found the bike really
comfortable in the highway yeah the bars
are at the right height for taking on
wind at a hundred and twenty kilometres
an hour or whatever we were riding at
and so the wind holds your head up in
your upper torso with just enough that
you don't have too much weight on your
hands yeah the seat is really wide and
flat it's it's not cush or anything but
I didn't get an uncomfortable but during
the ride it was it was surprisingly good
yeah and I've ridden sport bikes where
you couldn't say that where you are
folded in half and I'm a little too old
to be doing that now even though I still
will it has a lot of power it doesn't
sound like it the first thing I think
I'd change would be the exhaust mm-hmm
and it doesn't start really making noise
until
it's pretty close to the end of its
usable range yeah and that's when it
starts to sound good yeah but it's a
modern bike it has two catalytic
converters it's got lots of stuff making
it too quiet to be the way you want it
yeah
mukaddes always been known to have the
big Brembo brakes stopping power that's
the biggest deal about this bike and
I've really explored the limits of
handling because we're street riding so
I haven't leaned all the way over but
the brakes are awesome
and I'd rather have big brakes than a
big motor yep the gauges are cool and
there's a couple of electronic bits you
can cycle through to pick up oil
temperature and water temperature and
mm-hmm
trip distance all that sort of stuff I
played with that a little bit the
mirrors are kind of neat they they
swivel inside a housing but like almost
all sport bikes they're completely
useless you have to pick your arm off
the bar and look underneath it to see
behind you yep
anything let you down there's a
catalytic converter underneath the seat
and I have to say in the city it got
mighty hot yeah I wrote this down
College Street in Toronto in Little
Italy the other night and people are
waving and given high fives and yelling
Forza Italia there they're really proud
of the brand yeah and it looks cool for
me it was like having a Ferrari for the
weekend and it really is like motorcycle
equivalent of a Ferrari when I brought
it to the office people came downstairs
to have a look or you got to go look at
the bike Marc Scott right who would you
recommend this bike for Marc is it gonna
go back to the dealer I'd like to happen
I don't think this is a bike for an 18
year old
kid necessarily they're a little more
expensive than the equivalent 600 class
sport bike yeah and probably not as fast
for somebody like me I don't care about
what the zero to 60 time or the
quarter-mile time is it's it's a really
fast bike it looks great while the
details are artfully executed those are
the kind of things I would appreciate
and I think the market for this bike are
people like me who want a special bike
yeah and we'll pay a little extra for it
although I don't think they're really
that expensive compared to a Ferrari no
it's a little bit cheaper than a Ferrari
but you certainly get that cachet right
yeah yeah nice well listen thank you
very much Dave I really appreciate your
riding all the way out here now you got
to ride all the way home
tough job somebody's got to do it thanks
for doing it mark thanks Dave